male announcer: AND NOW,
NICKELODEON AND DREAMWORKS'
MONSTERS VS. ALIENS.
- ♪ MVA ♪
♪ MVA ♪
- ♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
♪ IT'S US VS. THEM ♪
♪ FOE VS. FRIEND ♪
♪ BRAIN VS. B.O.B. ♪
- ♪ IT'S A SUPER-FREAKY JOB ♪
- OH, YEAH,
IT'S FREAKY.
- ♪ MVA ♪
- ♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
- [cackles]
♪ MONSTERS VS. ALIENS ♪
♪ MVA ♪
- AND SO, STACY SPYGLASS
TIPTOED
DOWN THE SECRET STAIRCASE,
UNAWARE OF THE DANGER
LURKING BELOW...
[B.O.B. whimpering]
IT WAS THE GHOSTLY PHANTOM!
- AAH! AAH!
- LUCKILY, STACY'S PET SIDEKICK,
CONSTABLE QUACKLEY,
SPRUNG A TRAP!
BUT THE MYSTERY
WASN'T OVER YET.
FOR THE PHANTOM'S
TRUE IDENTITY WAS...
THE OLD SEA CAPTAIN!
♪ DUN DUN DAH ♪
- JAW...
DROP.
- YEAH!
QUITE THE TWIST.
- STILL...DROPPING.
- ATTENTION, TEAM ALIEN
AND TEAM MONSTER LEADERS.
REPORT TO THE HANGAR,
DOUBLE-TIME AND ASAP!
- SORRY, B.O.B., LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN
FOR STORY TIME.
[jaw flapping]
- OH! WHAT AN ENDING.
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
THE SEA CAPTAIN WAS EVIL.
HE HAD AN EYE PATCH
AND EVERYTHING--OH!
- WELCOME TO AREA
FIFTY-SOMETHING, DOCTOR.
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE
SUSAN MURPHY,
AKA GINORMICA.
- HEY, I--
EYE!
I...I? I...
AM SO HAPPY TO MEET YOU.
- RIGHT BACK AT YA,
WITH A HEAPING SIDE OF...
GEE-WOLLY-WOW!
THAT'S A LOT OF QUANTONIUM
YOU'RE PACKING.
- UM...
THANKS?
- SUSAN, MEET DR. CUTTER,
UNCLE SAM'S HEAD
OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT!
- I PREFER "NOURISHER OF NOW
AND FUTURE DOODADS."
- SO, LESS MAD SCIENTIST--
- AND MORE GLAD SCIENTIST!
[giggling]
- I DON'T USUALLY ALLOW
THIS LEVEL OF PERKY ON BASE,
BUT THE DOC HERE'S
A TOP-LEVEL U.S. OF A
R&D I.T. VIP!
- OR IS SHE...
- OH...
- HELLO, YOU--
AAAAAH!
both: B.O.B.!
- REMOVE YOUR MASK, EVILDOER!
I SEE THROUGH
YOUR EYE PATCH!
- UNHAND MY VIP!
- AAH!
- B.O.B., STOP!
[B.O.B. screaming]
- SORRY I'M LATE.
WORKING UP THE EFFORT
TO CARE TOOK SOME--
[groans]
- [exhales]
SORRY, GENERAL.
B.O.B. GETS A LITTLE
TOO INTO HIS MYSTERY BOOKS.
- IT WAS THE DOCTOR
AND THE BUTLER!
♪ DUN DUN DUN! ♪
- HE'S GOING TO BE TOO "INTO"
SOLITARY CONFINEMENT
IF YOU DON'T
KEEP HIM AWAY FROM DR. CUTTER!
- [grunting, muttering]
- OH, MY!
DO YOU FEEL
ANY BRAIN PAIN?
- [gasps]
OHH...
[harp playing]
YOU KNOW, I DON'T USUALLY
SAY THIS TO EARTH LADIES,
BUT...
[squishy, flirty growl]
[romantic music]
- AHA!
THIS IS JUST LIKE
STACY SPYGLASS
AND THE MISSING
DIAMOND SNEAKERS.
DR. EYE PATCH
IS AN EVILDOER,
AND I'M GONNA PROVE IT!
- NO! THIS IS NOTHING
LIKE YOUR BOOKS!
- LET'S SEE...SPYGLASS,
GUMSHOES,
WAFFLES IN A SOCK--
GOOD TO GO!
- UM...
HOW 'BOUT YOU LOOK FOR CLUES
SOMEPLACE
SHE'LL NEVER SUSPECT?
YOU KNOW, SOMEPLACE  FAR AWAY
FROM DR. CUTTER?
- OH, LIKE IN HER ROOM?
GREAT IDEA,
CONSTABLE QUACKLEY!
[giggles]
- B.O.B.,
THIS ISN'T WHAT I MEANT!
WE CAN'T BE HERE!
AND REALLY, I'M THE DUCK?
- SHH!
INSIDE QUACKS ONLY!
WE'RE SNEAKING!
REMEMBER,
IF YOU FIND A BIG CLUE,
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY,
"CLUE-REKA!"
NOPE.
NOPE. NOPE.
NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE. NOPE.
- B.O.B., STOP!
[crash]
MM...NOPE!
- AAH!
WHY DOES DR. CUTTER
HAVE A GIANT ROBOT?
[gasps]
PUT EVERYTHING BACK!
- JUST A MOMENT,
MR. CLUMSY HEAD.
I WON'T FEEL RIGHT
STARTING MY WORK
UNTIL I KNOW YOU'RE UNHARMED.
- OH, YOU CAN CHECK OUT
THIS BODY ALL DAY LONG.
[squishy, flirty growl]
[Susan gags]
- NOW, RELAX AND LET DR. CUTTER
FLEX YOUR CORTEX
AND MASSAGE THAT MEDULLA.
- [shudders, moans]
DEAR DOCTOR,
BETWEEN THE LOBES?
HOW DELICIOUSLY FORWARD
OF YOU.
[Susan gagging]
AAH!
BRAIN PAIN!
SO MUCH...
- GOOD GOLLY!
- BRAIN PAIN!
- THIS MYSTERY
IS EVEN MORE SUSPICIOUS-IER
THAN I THOUGHT!
- B.O.B., THERE'S NOTHING
SUSPICIOUS ABOUT DR. CUTTER.
I MEAN, SHE LIKES COVERTON,
WHICH IS WEIRD,
BUT I'M SURE THERE'S
SOME TOTALLY INNOCENT REASON
FOR THE ROBOT.
- OH, SILLY QUACKLEY!
HA HA HA!
YOUR TINY DUCK BRAIN
CAN'T UNRAVEL BIG MYSTERIES.
THIS IS JUST LIKE  THE CURSE
OF THE MUMMY'S GOATEE,
AND STACY SOLVED THAT CASE
BY GETTING A HAIR SAMPLE
FROM THE VILLAIN.
- B.O.B., YOU KNOW
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO PLAY WITH SCISSORS!
- OH, I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY I'M GONNA BLAST OFF
A HAIR SAMPLE
WITH A PLASMA CANNON.
- WHAT? NO! NO!
AAH!
[overlapping yelling,
Susan screaming]
SORRY!
[all screaming]
HEY, WASH YOUR HANDS!
[toilet flushes]
[laser blast]
- AAH! I WASN'T FINISHED!
[Susan screaming,
laser firing]
- YOUR BRAIN SCANS
ARE A HOLIDAY BASKET OF WOW!
- MM. YOU SEE THE SIZE
OF THAT MEDULLA?
ALL COVE-MAN.
[chortles]
OH, LOOK,
NOW I'M LIFTING WEIGHTS.
IT'S SO EASY,
SOMETIMES I CAN'T EVEN TELL.
OH, LOOK, I'M JUGGLING.
IS THERE NOTHING
MY BRAIN CAN'T DO?
- OOH--OW!
- WHOOPS.
OH, PARDON ME.
I HAVE TO COVER THIS UP.
- HENRY NEVER HURT NOBODY.
WHY?
- [exhales]
TOO...CLOSE.
- AS ALWAYS, MONGER IS...
[sing-song]
CLUELESS!
TRULY, THE GOOD GENERAL
IS SUCH A DELIGHT TO DECEIVE.
- SHE'S FOOLING MONGER?
- CALLED IT!
- B.O.B., I'M NOT SAYING
YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUT WE NEED TO FIND OUT
WHO SHE WAS TALKING TO.
- STACY ALWAYS USES A DISGUISE
FOR THIS KIND OF THING,
AND I'VE GOT ONE!
HEY GIRL!
MY NAME'S BOBERTA,
AND I'M FROM
AREA FIFTY-SOMETHING HIGH!
GOOO, FISH!
- WELL, AREN'T WE
A DAZZLING DISPLAY OF INSANITY?
- READY?
OKAY!
THIS IS MY CHEER!
IT'S OVER HERE!
RIGHT OVER HERE!
NOT BEHIND YOUR BACK!
O-M-G!
THAT SPELLS OMGUH!
NOTHING RHYMES WITH OMGUH!
EXCEPT FOR FROMGUH!
I'M RUNNING OUT OF WORDS!
BANANAS ARE FRIENDLY!
KANGAROO PANTS!
- [gasps]
- AND THEN BRANDON WAS LIKE,
"I HEARD YOU TEXTED CHAD!"
AND I WAS ALL LIKE,
"FROM WHO? T.M.I. TINA?
SHE JUST LIKES
THE ATTENTION!"
- YOU DON'T HAVE A BRAIN.
SO I'M NOT INTERESTED.
TOODLES!
- B.O.B., DR. CUTTER'S
PLANNING TO ATTACK MONGER!
THAT'S WHAT
THE GIANT ROBOT IS FOR!
- ♪ DUN DUN DUN! ♪
- STOP! IT'S A TRAP!
[grunts]
- [elongated]
NOOO!
- WHY'S B.O.B. ACTING SLO-MO?
- GENERAL, DR. CUTTER'S EVIL!
SHE'S ATTACKING YOU!
- WHOA, DOGGY!
NOW, THAT'S WHAT PAPA LIKES!
[grunting]
- AND YOU'RE REALLY
ENJOYING IT--A LOT.
- WHOO-HOO!
- TOO MUCH!
- IT'S JUST A LITTLE UPGRADE
TO MONGER'S SPARRING BOT.
NO BIG DEAL--
EVEN THOUGH IT KINDA WAS.
- SO...IT'S A GIFT?
- AW, THANKS, DOC.
MIGHTY THOUGHTFUL.
- THEN HOW DOES SHE EXPLAIN
SECRET PHONE CALL
IN THE HALL?
TOTES OMINOUS AND SPOOKY?
[beep]
- TRULY, THE GOOD GENERAL
IS SUCH A DELIGHT
TO DECEIVE.
[giggles]
A DAILY JOURNAL NOURISHES
THE MIND AND THE SOUL.
[thud]
- HA HA!
- OH!
WELL...
THEN, I GUESS I ACCUSED YOU
OF BEING ALL EVIL-Y FOR NOTHING.
OR DID I?
- GAH!
- NOPE! STILL YOUR FACE.
- BACK, HUMAN, BACK.
THAT'S A VERY, VERY BAD HUMAN.
[thud]
- SORRY, DOC.
SUSAN'S BEEN READING
TOO MANY MYSTERY BOOKS LATELY.
- YAY! WE SOLVED IT!
GOOD JOB, QUACKLEY!
HAVE SOME QUACKERS!
- NO, B.O.B.,
WE DIDN'T SOLVE ANYTHING!
- REALLY?
HUH.
WELL, THIS IS PROBABLY
ONE OF THOSE THINGS
I'D UNDERSTAND
IF I HAD A BRAIN.
- BRAIN?
- WHOOSH!
- DO YOU FEEL ANY BRAIN PAIN?
- NOW RELAX,
AND LET DR. CUTTER
FLEX YOUR CORTEX
AND MASSAGE THAT MEDULLA.
- WHOOSH!
- YOUR BRAIN SCANS
ARE A HOLIDAY BASKET OF WOW!
- WHOOSH!
WHOOSH!
- CLUE-REKA!
SHE'S REALLY AFTER COVERTON!
- UH, DEAR DOCTRESS.
I AM UNFAMILIAR WITH
THIS EARTH COURTSHIP CUSTOM,
BUT, YOU KNOW...GAME.
- EVERYTHING
IS IN ITS HAPPY PLACE.
- BACK AWAY, DOC.
THE ALIEN STAYS.
- HELLO?
BIGGEST THIRD WHEEL
IN HISTORY!
- DR. CUTTER
WANTS TO STEAL YOU.
THAT'S WHY
SHE'S REALLY HERE!
THE ROBOT'S CRATE
WASN'T JUST A CRATE.
IT WAS A PRISON...
FOR YOU, COVERTON!
- PFFT. STEAL ME.
LIES!
- NOPE. SHE NAILED IT.
- SAY WHAT?
- YOUR ALIEN BRAIN WILL HELP ME
UNLOCK THE SECRETS OF--
SAY IT WITH ME NOW--
TELEKINESIS!
OOH! AHH!
- WELL, THAT'S NOT SO BAD.
- WHO'S UP FOR SOME...
[sing-song]
CRANIAL EXTRACTION?
[saw buzzing]
- AAH!
OOH!
AAH! OH, JEEZ!
[laser ricocheting]
- SERIOUSLY,
THAT'S THE BRAIN YOU WANT?
- OH, NO, YOU'VE FOILED ME!
MY RUSE IS RUINED!
MY SCHEME!
MY BRILLIANT--MY--
KIDDING!
[chortles]
YOU SEE, MS. MURPHY,
IN A REAL MYSTERY, THE VILLAIN
ALWAYS TRAPS THE HERO.
- OH, WELL, I'M NOT THE HERO.
I'M THE DUCK!
NOW, B.O.B.!
- CLUE-REKA!
- OOH!
[crash]
CUTTER FAIL.
- SO, THOUGHT YOU'D
BAG YOURSELF AN ALIEN, EH?
WELL, YOU'VE
JUST WON A PAID TRIP
TO THE SHORES
OF COURT-MARTIAL ISLAND!
COURTESY OF W.R. MONGER--
HARSH BUT FAIR!
- THAT IS FAIR.
AND SUSAN--SUSAN, RIGHT?--
IT WAS TRULY A TREAT AND A HALF
TO TANGLE WITH YOU!
BUT I WILL TASTE VENGEANCE.
OH, LOOK, A PLANE RIDE.
FUN!
- THAT THERE LADY'S NUTTIER
THAN A SQUIRREL'S BREAKFAST.
- YOU'RE WELCOME, COVERTON.
- PLEASE.
I WOULD'VE SOLVED IT SOONER.
FOR I AM COVE-MAN,
THE GREAT BRAIN.
- OR ARE YOU?
- EVILDOER!
- [screams]
- [munching, slurping]
- [prolonged yell]
[crash]
[laughing]
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, BOBBY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- THING!
SEE! COME!
[laughing]
EXCUSE ME!
[Muzak playing]
♪ ♪
[ding]
[B.O.B. laughing]
TA-DA!
- WHOA!
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
WE HAD THIS HANGAR.
OKAY, SO WHAT'S
UNDERNEATH THE TARP?
[boom]
- YOU THINK THERE'S SOMETHING
UNDERNEATH THE TARP?
OH, WOW, YEAH,
THAT'D BE EVEN MORE AMAZING!
[triumphant music]
WHOA.
IS THAT...
[dramatic music]
- LOOKS LIKE A...
FLYING SAUCER?
CLASSIC.
[both wailing guitar riff]
- YEAH,
THAT MEANS OLD, RIGHT?
- BEEN HERE I'D SAY...
30, 35--
36 YEARS.
- LINK, I MEAN,
DO YOU THINK IT STILL...
FLYING SAUCES?
- THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT.
- DO YOU STILL FLYING SAUCE?
- WE'RE GONNA FIX THE UFO,
B.O.B.
- WE ARE GOING TO FIX YOU!
- THERE YOU GO.
[thrilling music]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- YEAH! HA!
[spray can hissing]
[both wailing guitar riff]
[engine revving]
AND WE SHALL CALL IT,
"THE U-F-OHHH, YEAH."
- OH, LINK, I GOT THAT ONE!
OH, THIS FEELS GOOD!
- MMM...FUDGIE BUDGIE BARS.
NONE MUST EVER KNOW
OF OUR FORBIDDEN LOVE.
[slurping]
[gasps]
THE GRAND COVERLORD
HAS STARTED THE INVASION
WITHOUT ME?
NOT YET!
I-I'M NOT READY!
I JUST LEARNED
ABOUT FUDGIE BUDGIE BARS!
- [giggling]
- WE'VE GOT ONE FULLY
OPERATIONAL FLYING SAUCER,
TWO DEVIL-MAY-CARE DUDES,
AND ZERO SELF-DISCIPLINE.
WHAT DO WE DO FIRST?
- PLAY PRETEND ALIEN INVADERS?
- THAT...IS HI-LARIOUS.
WE COULD BE ALL LIKE,
"PEOPLE OF EARTH,
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, EVIL!
HA HA HA."
- CAN WE MAKE
OUR OWN ALIEN COSTUMES?
- HOW WOULD WE NOT?
C'MON!
- "PRETEND ALIEN INVADERS"?
OH, JUST A BIG JOKE, ARE WE?
SIMPERING IMBECILES!
YOU SHALL LEARN JUST
HOW FUNNY WE ALIENS CAN BE!
- WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING?
- AAH!
OH, HEY, SUZE!
WE'RE JUST, UH,
BRINGING DONATIONS...
TO THE HOSPITAL FOR...
KIDS WHO HAVE...
- CLOWN ALLERGIES!
- SO THE "KIDS"
IN THIS "HOSPITAL"
ARE ALLERGIC TO CLOWNS?
- ARE YOU SAYING THEY DON'T
DESERVE TO HAVE FUN, SUSAN?
- NO! I--
- THAT JUST BECAUSE
THEY HAVE A CLOWN ALLERGY,
THEY SHOULD BE LOCKED UP
AND FORGOTTEN?
- I WASN'T--
- BECAUSE I, FOR ONE,
CANNOT BE THAT CRUEL!
- THEY'RE ONLY  CHILDREN,
SUSAN!
- GO! HELP THE CHILDREN!
PLEASE!
[both wailing guitar riff]
- YOU WANT TO PLAY ALIEN?
THEN LET'S PLAY FOR KEEPSIES.
GOOD-BYE,
COMMUNICATIONS MICROPHONE.
[both laughing]
AND GOOD-BYE,
MR. EXIT HATCH.
[chuckles]
- TIME TO ROCK
THIS ALIEN INVASION.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[gear shifts, engine revs]
[country music playing]
♪ ♪
[engines rumbling,
people yelling]
[both laughing]
- ACTUAL LASER.
WE SHOULD PROBABLY
LABEL THAT BUTTON.
- I'LL JUST HIDE IT
UNDER THIS ROCK.
[people screaming]
- AND NOW WE RUN AWAY.
I ABDUCT YOUR CHICKEN!
HA HA, EVIL!
- AAH!
- YOU CHICKEN-STEALING
MANIACS!
I SWEAR VENGEANCE
ON ALL ALIENS!
VENGEANCE!
[phones ringing]
- SIR!
THE CALLS ARE COMING IN
FROM ALL OVER.
- GET THAT E.T. ON COMMS!
I WANNA KNOW
IF HE'S HOSTILE!
- YES, SIR!
[click]
ALIEN CRAFT,
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
ARE YOU HOSTILE?
- WELL, BUDDY,
LOOKS LIKE GAME OVER.
- AW...
- HEY, GUYS, IT'S JUST US.
HAVIN' SOME FUN,
ABDUCTIN' SOME CHICKEN,
YOU KNOW,
DOIN' LIKE YOU DO.
[garbled voice, static]
- WHAT IN THE--
- SQWEEP? DR. C?
ANYBODY GOT A TRANSLATION?
- NOPE.
- I AM UNFAMILIAR
WITH THIS DIALECT.
- IT CAN'T BE!
[garbled voice continues]
THAT'S THE LANGUAGE
OF THE BROCKTOON!
A LITTLE-KNOWN
BUT EXTREMELY WARLIKE RACE
THAT SQWEEP
WOULD NEVER HAVE HEARD OF
BUT I HAPPEN TO KNOW
VERY WELL!
- I HAVE NEVER HEARD
OF THE BROCKTOON.
- YOU SEE?!
OH, I ONLY HOPE
THEY DON'T HAVE
A GUITAR-PLAYING WIZARD
AND DANCING LEPRECHAUNS
PAINTED ON THE SIDE
OF THEIR SHIP.
- AFFIRMATIVE.
PLUS WHAT WITNESSES ARE CALLING,
I QUOTE...
[click]
"A BEAR ON A SKATEBOARD."
- AAH!
THAT'S THE WORST
OF THE LOT!
I CAN'T IMAGINE
WHAT THEY WOULD WANT,
BUT, OH, WHY NOT?
I'LL TRANSLATE FOR YOU.
- AND YOU KNOW, OKAY, SURE,
MAYBE WE PUSHED IT--
[garbled voice continues]
- "WE ARE THE RUIN
"OF YOUR PLANET.
"WE WILL BURN YOUR CITIES
AND EAT YOUR HOUSE PETS."
[all gasp]
- SCRAMBLE EVERYTHING
WE'VE GOT!
I WANT THAT UFO
D.O.A. ASAP, OKAY?
- LOL.
[chuckling]
- I GUESS MAYBE THERE'S
SOMETHING MISSING IN MY LIFE,
AND I TRY TO FILL IT
WITH HIJINKS AND MAYHEM.
- HEY, LINK,
I'M TRYING TO REMEMBER.
MISSILES ARE THE BAD ONES,
RIGHT?
- JUST IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING.
WAS I A CHILD?
WHAT--WAIT A MINUTE, WHAT?
WHOA!
[explosions]
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON?
- A LOTTA SHOOTING.
YOU'RE YELLING...
- BUT WE TOLD THEM IT'S US!
PUT ME
ON EXTERNAL LOUDSPEAKER.
HEY, EVERYBODY!
[garbled voice]
- OHH!
THE THINGS THEY'RE SAYING
ABOUT YOUR MOTHER!
I-I-I CAN'T EVEN
REPEAT THEM!
- FIRE EVERYTHING!
FOR MY MAMA!
- IT IS LINK AND B.O.B.
WE ARE NOT--WAIT A MINUTE.
WHOA!
THE MICROPHONE IS BROKEN!
THEY THINK WE'RE REAL ALIENS!
- THAT'S CRAZY!
HOW COULD THEY NOT EVEN
NOTICE WE'RE NOT THERE?
- WHERE ARE LINK AND B.O.B.?
- VISITING KIDS
WITH CLOWN ALLERGIES.
- GOOD ON THEM.
[shouts]
- WE HAVE TO FIND SOME OTHER WAY
TO SHOW THEM IT'S US!
B.O.B., MOVE TO THE PORTHOLE!
I'M GONNA GIVE THEM A VISUAL!
- GOT IT!
- IT'S THE WINDOW.
[camera snaps]
- THEY'RE MORE HIDEOUS
THAN I IMAGINED!
- LOSE THE COSTUME!
- I'M WEARING A COSTUME?
- FORGET IT!
WE HAVE TO ABANDON SHIP!
[gear whirring]
STUPID HATCH!
UNSTICK!
- MAYBE WE SHOULD ASK
THE PILOT TO HELP.
- THERE IS NO PILOT, B.O.B.
I'M FLYING THE--
[engine whining]
[both screaming]
- MY TANKS!
[sniffling]
I LOVE MY TANKS!
- TAKE NO PRISONERS!
SPARE NO WEAPONS!
SHOW NO MERCY!
- GENERAL MONGER!
IF WE ABDUCT HIM,
WE CAN EXPLAIN EVERYTHING.
- EVERYTHING?
OKAY. BUT YOU COVER
WHERE BABIES COME FROM,
BECAUSE I DO  NOT GET
HOW THAT WORKS.
- THE MENACE MUST BE BROUGHT
DOWN, NO MATTER WHAT!
- GENERAL, LOOK OUT!
- OH, DEAR.
DISREGARD
ALL PREVIOUS STATEMENTS
ON SHOWING NO MERC--
OOF!
- AWW, COVERTON!
I WAS TRYING TO GET MONGER!
- THEY'VE ABDUCTED COVERTON!
EVERYONE, HOLD YOUR FIRE!
- NO!
COVERTON WAS RIGHT.
WE MUST BRING THE ENEMY DOWN,
NO MATTER WHAT!
IT IS WHAT
HE WOULD HAVE WANTED!
[battle cry]
- YOU HAVE LASERS.
USE THEM, FOR GLURM'S SAKE!
- [gasps]
BROVERTON!
THOSE ARE OUR FRIENDS!
- NO, B.O.B, HE'S RIGHT.
THEY'VE LEFT US NO CHOICE.
ARMING LASERS...
[men yelling]
- AAH!
- YOU WANNA CHA-CHA,
LITTLE GREEN MEN?
ALL UNITS, CONCENTRATE
SIMULTANEOUS FIRE ON THREE!
ONE...
TWO...
- NO, WAIT!
LOOK!
- LINK AND B.O.B.?
- "PLEASE STOP SHOOTING US."
[sighs]
I GUESS.
STAND DOWN, SOLDIERS!
- AW...
- OH...
- DON'T WORRY, EVERYBODY.
THE KIDS ARE ALL SAFE
FROM CLOWN ALLERGIES.
- BECAUSE WE TOTALLY
MADE THAT UP.
- OH, BOY.
- LINK! B.O.B.!
YOU TWO JOKERS ARE GONNA
BE SCRUBBING SO MANY LATRINES,
YOU'LL THINK YOU GOT MARRIED
AND HAD TOILET BABIES!
- THAT IS THE WEIRDEST
AND MOST TERRIFYING THREAT
I'VE EVER HEARD.
- AND LET THAT BE
A LESSON TO YOU:
NEVER TRY TO PLAY ALIEN!
LEAVE THAT TO ME,
THE ALIEN!
- ALIEN!
- WHAT THE--OW!